# Image Classification in Azure with Model Builder

| ML.NET version | Status                        | App Type    | Data type | Scenario            | ML Task                   | Algorithms                  |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-------------|-----------|---------------------|---------------------------|-----------------------------|
| v1.5.0-preview           | Up-to-date | UWP & ASP.NET Core WebAPI | Single data sample | Image Classification | Image Classification | ResNet50 |

## Goal

Train a deep learning image classification model in Azure. The 

## Application

- LandUseAPI: A C# ASP.NET Core Web API that hosts the trained ML.NET.
- LandUseML.ConsoleApp: 
- LandUseML.Model: A .NET Standard class library containing the data models that define the schema of input and output model data as well as the persisted version of the best performing model during training.
- LandUseUWP: Universal Windows Platform (UWP) application that consumes the model to classify satellite map images queried by the user.

## The data



## The model

The goal of the application is to predict whether an inspection violation belongs to one of several categories (low/moderate/high risk). The Machine Learning Task to use in this scenario is multiclass classification. The model in this application was trained using Model Builder.

[Model Builder](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MLNET.07) is an intuitive graphical Visual Studio extension to build, train, and deploy custom machine learning models.

Model Builder uses automated machine learning (AutoML) to explore different machine learning algorithms and settings to help you find the one that best suits your scenario.

You don't need machine learning expertise to use Model Builder. All you need is some data, and a problem to solve. Model Builder generates the code to add the model to your .NET application.

In this solution, both the LandUseML.ConsoleApp and LandUseML.Model projects are autogenerated by Model Builder.

## The web application

## 